Update to the recruitment process (#404)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Interview/README.md

A demo project should be an example of one's **best** work. We don't just want to see a technically good project; we want to be *wowed* by a candidate's technical skills and creativity. Note that we don't have a submission deadline so take your time to polish your demo project.

> If we then think the demo project is interesting enough, we'll proceed to a face-to-face step on Skype.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we then think the demo project is interesting enough, we'll proceed to a face-to-face step on a video call.
```
